Requirements to reproduce Supplementary Table 5:

(a) You will need to have installed the following R libraries on your computing platform:
GBJ, dplyr, magrittr, data.table.

(b) You will need the PLINK 1.90 binary (download at https://www.cog-genomics.org/plink2) in your working directory.

(c) You will need restricted access data from the CGEMS GWAS. The link to this study is:
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/gap/cgi-bin/study.cgi?study_id=phs000147.v1.p1.
We assume you have the genotype data in PLINK binary format and have named it 'cgems_genotypes'
(along with the standard bed/bim/fam extensions). 

(d) You will also need the CGEMS covariates, which are also obtained through dbGaP.
We assume you have called this file 'fake_cgems_covar.txt.'

(e) You will need the file 'glist-hg18.txt,' which defines the location of genes in build hg18
of the human genome. It is attached with the code.

(f) You will need 1000 Genomes Project genotypes for our ten top genes. These are 20 files in all with extensions
".ped" and ".map."  They are attached with the code.

(g) You will need precalculated 1000 Genomes Project principal components. These are in the file 
"PCs_1000G_Euro.txt" that is attached with the code.

(h) You will need access to a computing cluster.  We provide job submission scripts for 
LSF (bsub extension) and SLURM (sbatch extension) environments. You may need
to edit these scripts slightly to ensure that relevant parameters (number of cores, 
amount of time requested, etc.) are in line with your computing facility rules. In 
particular, you will need to edit the queue name (the string after '-q' flag) to reflect
the actual name of your partition.

(u) Once you have verified that all the above requirements are met, open all files with a 
.R extension and edit the first line of executable code to set library/data file paths 
as directed by the comments.  These will tell R where to load your libraries and find
the data files.


Workflow to reproduce Supplementary Table 5:

(1) Run make_supptab5.R from within an R console.

This will reproduce Supplementary Table 5.


